here you can see a very simple PVC pipe
halogen system this is a design is in
2008 and is already here since 2008 and
it's a very simple system using
stainless plate to split the you for the
electrolysis a charger this system if I
don't have the wind system is also the
wind turbine which one is traveling in
20 20 kilometer per hour you already
have a generator with power from there
and then also the wind help to charge
the hydrogen if I don't use the wind I
just use the alternator from the Baloch
motorbike is a small motor bike is only
125 CC and there's only about 10 amps so
it's not quite that big like car so I
say without the turbine I save about 7
to 10 percent fuel but but that's not
only because you also reduce the
pollution up to 40% that's the most
benefit you save a little bit of fuel
but the main thing is the pollution is
reduced by 40% adding this turbine
adding this turbine and I managed to say
my gain 15% so still you know even
little bit but it still helped and Plus
that of course you cut your pollution so
my idea is to add more to add more
turbine like this winner here
maybe attach alternator to the wheel so
then I can be like 60% something that
will be good
you